# cnab-grpc-hello-world-service

Sample cloud portable gRPC service with [Porter](https://porter.sh/).

## Getting Started

```
# porter is unable to use the same docker daemon as minikube, use a local registry instead
eval $(minikube docker-env --unset)

# configure minikube to embed certs in ~/.kube/config and (re)start minikube
minikube config set embed-certs true

# start minikube with local registry
minikube start --insecure-registry "$(minikube ip)"
minikube addons enable registry
docker run --name socat-bridge --rm -it --network=host alpine ash -c "apk add socat && socat TCP-LISTEN:5000,reuseaddr,fork TCP:$(minikube ip):5000"

make pre-reqs
```

## Workflow

```
# build CNAB bundle
porter build

# push image to local registry???
docker push localhost:5000/porter-sample-grpc-service:latest

# credentials allow cnab to map local credentials to the invocation image. Relative paths not supported.
porter credentials generate kubeconfig

porter install --cred kubeconfig
```

# Contents

## porter.yaml

This is the porter manifest. See https://porter.sh/author-bundles/ for 
details on every field and how to configure your bundle. This is a required
file.

## Dockerfile.tmpl

This is a template Dockerfile for the bundle's invocation image. You can
customize it to use different base images, install tools and copy configuration
files. Porter will use it as a template and append lines to it for the mixin and to set
the CMD appropriately for the CNAB specification. You can delete this file if you don't
need it.

Add the following line to **porter.yaml** to enable the Dockerfile template:

```yaml
dockerfile: Dockerfile.tmpl
```

By default, the Dockerfile template is disabled and Porter automatically copies
all of the files in the current directory into the bundle's invocation image. When
you use a custom Dockerfile template, you must manually copy files into the bundle
using COPY statements in the Dockerfile template.

## .gitignore

This is a default file that we provide to help remind you which files are
generated by Porter, and shouldn't be committed to source control. You can
delete it if you don't need it.

## .dockerignore

This is a default file that controls which files are copied into the bundle's
invocation image by default. You can delete it if you don't need it.